{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8260\viewh14640\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\i\b\fs32 \cf0 SAS Shootout Problem
\i0\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 With all of the talk on health care reform, many want to know the importance of prevention and what cost savings might result from taking preventive measures to improve the population\'92s health.  The disease of diabetes is of particular concern due to its chronic nature.  Treatment is expensive and ongoing.  It can take a toll on a person\'92s life expectancy and quality of life.  Although there are genetic elements to many diseases and, no doubt, to diabetes also, there is evidence that behavioral factors are important \
\
USHETH would like to introduce a number of preventive measures into the health care environment in the country but wants to pre-test these ideas mathematically before incurring marketing and other expenses associated with advertising campaigns and physician education.  If the health and financial impact can be shown for these measures, it will provide valuable information and incentive for implementation.\
USHETH has a number of ideas that it wants to test but wants to analyze them one at a time in order of potential impact.  Following a recent meeting to set its research agenda, the Chief Research Officer (CRO) announced the decision to focus on diabetes prevention.  Using the dataset USHETH wants to research three points:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	USHETH would like to know how having diabetes influences a patient\'92s total health care expense.  There are many estimates of the cost of diabetes care that have focused on diabetes-specific expenses, but it is known that diabetes might affect total health care expenses in many ways.  There are many factors in the patient database that need to be taken into account so USHETH is looking for a model to know the difference in health care costs for a person with diabetes from the costs for a person without the disease.  It acknowledges that there are many factors that need to be taken into account.\
2.	USHETH needs to know how many people have diabetes by age and perhaps gender.  This will be critical for the analysis.\
3.	USHETH wants to measure the impact of its preventive measure.  Although it sounds simple, the organization believes that it will have a profound impact on people\'92s health and total health care expenses. 
\i  
\b The measure focuses on people who have a BMI (body mass index) larger than 25 in adults.  In children the threshold BMI varies by age linearly: at 5 years old, the threshold BMI is 17 and at 20 years old, the threshold BMI is the same for adults.  These people will be enrolled in special programs to reduce their BMI by ten percent.
\i0\b0  USHETH then wants to know how many people would contract diabetes and the resulting reduction in total health care expenses.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sa120\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 Your team will be provided with a dataset and a codebook explaining each variable and the values they can take on. The dataset is a sample of people from across the country.  Your team will need to choose the predictor variables, transform them as necessary and build a model for the target variable.  From the health data that you have been provided, build a model to predict incidence of diabetes.\
A significant portion of health care expenses are paid by the government programs Medicare and Medicaid.  In addition to the reduction in total health care expenses, USHETH would like to know what portion of those savings will go to Medicare and Medicaid.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \
\

\i\b Actual Problem
\i0\b0 \
\
-partitioning into the two clusters is pretty "easy"\
-figuring out cost structure / equation is also fairly easy, but harder than the first part\
- the most difficult part / the real problem is determing, for the future, (1) which people are "on the cusp" of getting the disease / will get the disease if not careful, (2) which factors contribute most to pushing them "over the edge"\
\
Rough sets\
\
Reducts attributes / 'binning'\
\
Nearest Neighbor stuff\
\
ignore "person weight" data...\
\
\
}