{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14000\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For Parts 7 and 8, the observer constructed in Part 6 is used to model the actual, original system, whose state we are only able to hypothetically observe through the output, y.  In each of these parts, a distinction is made between "Full Feedback" and "Partial Feedback" the names chosen simply as an easy way to differentiate the two systems.  For "Full Feedback", both the original system and the observer are stabilized as in Part 4, and the observer is additionally modified as in Part 5.  For "Partial Feedback", only the latter modification is performed; that is, the primary system is stabilized as in Part 4, but not the observer.  These systems are also compared to a system with "No Feedback", which indicates that both the primary and observer system are left unstable as in Part 2, and the observer is modified as in Part 5.\
\
For Part 7, several plots are show to display the behavior of each of the above mentioned systems.  The first three sets of plots are of the "Full Feedback" system and corresponding error terms.  The first shows the primary and observer system during the full 10 time unit interval.  As it is difficult to observe the rather transient initial difference between the primary and observer systems, the second plot shows a smaller time interval from 0 to 1 time units.  While the initial error terms are rather large compared to the magnitudes of the x trajectory values, they quickly die off (see the third plot in the series).  Note that these three plots are driven with the equilibrium value, 
\i ue = 2
\i0  in addition to the feedback.\
\
The next two plot sets are of the "Partial Feedback" system.  The first is with no additional driving force other than the feedback as in Part 4 for the primary system, and the feedback as in Part 5 for the observer.  Note that this observer, too, eventually settles to the primary system values, though with much more fanfare than the "Full Feedback" system described above.  In the second set of plots, both systems are driven with use = 2 in addition to their respective feedbacks.  We see that even though the observer stabilizes, it does not converge to the value of the primary system, and instead settles to a different equilibrium.  In hindsight, this should be expected after viewing Part 4, when we observed that injecting feedback into the system changed the location of one of the setpoints, namely the one located at xe = (-1/4, -5/4)T and ue = 2.  In Part 8, we will see that these systems are quite able to track the primary system, even with disturbances.\
\
The last two plots in the series display results from simulating the "No Feedback" system, for which only the observer has feedback to track the primary system.  From part 2, we know that this system rapidly grows in magnitude, so only the span from 0 to 1 times units is shown.  From this plot, it seems that the observer will eventually converge to the primary system's value.  The error plot, however, shows that this is not the case.  Though the two are very similar for a span of time, the observer eventually diverges from the primary system's values.  Though perhaps the time frame for approximate following could be extended by creating a "better" feedback for the observer, such unstable systems do not seem to lend themselves to be easily tracked.\
\
In Part 8, the primary-observer system is observed under affect of a kick to the primary system, shown in the first plot (the psudo-delta function from Part 8).  The second plot in the sequence shows the "Partial Feedback" primary-observer system response to the delta kick, and the third is the "Full Feedback" primacy-observer system response to the delta kick, both for only the first initial condition from Part 2, for clarity.  While both do track the primary system, it is clear that the second does a much better job of following the primary system during and after the kick.  Additionally, the "Partial" system amplifies the effects of the kick in the observer system, which could potentially be useful.  The third plot shows the time span around the delta kick region for the "Full Feedback" system.  The next set of four plots show all initial conditions from Part 2 for the "Full Feedback" system in response to the delta kick.  The first two display the system response for the a span of 20 time units and the span around the delta kick, respectively.  The last two are plots of the error corresponding to these plots.}